the bafta goes to
jared harris chernobyl
wow uh that's a surprise
um after you've uh you've ruined my
losing streak i'm annoyed at you
you know the show's won a lot of uh
accolades and i think that's
uh that's testament to craig mazin and
kyle and strauss and uh james feathers
and stewardship i'd say the best
decision they make was was to put every
single episode
in um johann rank's hand he's a he's a
badass and i'd do it again with him in
the heartbeat
there's a couple of people who were on
the similar street that i was on and i
wanna just give him a shout out um uh
nina gold and robert stern the casting
department and the amazing swivel pip
daniel parker
um also i want to say a quick shout out
to carrie antholis uh
he was at hbo and i think he was the
first person who said yes to
um yesterday chernobyl and he was
actually the first person that i met
uh after i'd been cast and about about
10 minutes into our meeting he looked at
me and he said um
jared i hope you don't mind me telling
you this but you weren't our first
choice
and uh then he said would you like to
know who what
and i said oh i would yes very much
daniel day-lewis
but he retired from acting um
i just like said quick to daniel uh
don't stay away too long you know i miss
seeing you up there
and finally um to my best friend and to
my wife
allegra uh she's always got my back
i share everything with her and i share
this with her bless you i love you with
all my heart
thank you guys thank you to basta bless
you thank you jared congratulations
i'm also no one's first choice